Update Fiori tools opa testing tutorial (#24139)
sap-tutorials/Tutorials: tutorials/fiori-tools-mockserver-opa-testing/fiori-tools-mockserver-opa-testing.md

    - `opaTests.qunit.html`

>         This is the file that is started when you execute the tests via console command or **Preview Application** (see Step 4 of this tutorial). Within this html-file, the java-script file `OpaTests.qunit.js` is started.

Reviewer: We don't need to talk about virtual test endpoints here because the way how the app is being created does not use virtual test endpoints, correct?

    - `OpaTests.qunit.js`

>         This file imports the OPA journeys that you execute. The journeys are started using the `JourneyRunner` (called within the journey file), which allows you to define some advanced options related to the OPA configuration (see details about the `JourneyRunner` in chapter 3 of this step).

Reviewer: The journey actually will be executed when loaded no matter what, so maybe rephrase to

```suggestion
        This file imports the OPA journeys that will be executed. The journeys started automatically after they are loaded using the `JourneyRunner` (called within the journey file), which allows you to define some advanced options related to the OPA configuration (see details about the `JourneyRunner` in chapter 3 of this step).
```

                        // Cleanup
                        Given.iTearDownMyApp();
                    });
            }

            runner.run([journey]);
        });
        ```

>         >In line 11 of the coding fragment above, the application is started by using the function `iStartMyApp()`. Please add the name (semantic object and action) as a parameter to the function `iStartMyApp("travellist-tile")`. You can find the name of your application in the file **/webapp/test/flpSandbox.html** in the `applications:` parameter, which should look similar to the one listed below. Line 3 contains the name of the application.

Reviewer: It will be hard to find the information in `flpSandbox.html` if that endpoint is served virtually. Are we sure the file actually exists?

    tests, and calls runner.run(...).

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.define([
        "sap/fe/test/JourneyRunner",
        "sap/fe/demo/travellist/test/integration/pages/TravelList",
        "sap/fe/demo/travellist/test/integration/pages/TravelObjectPage"
    ], function (JourneyRunner, TravelList, TravelObjectPage) {
        'use strict';

        var runner = new JourneyRunner({
            launchUrl: sap.ui.require.toUrl('sap/fe/demo/travellist') + '/test/flpSandbox.html#project1-tile',
            pages: {
                onTheTravelList: TravelList,
                onTheTravelObjectPage: TravelObjectPage
            },
            async: true
        });

        return runner;
    });
    ```

    Each journey is self-contained: it starts the app with Given.iStartMyApp(), exercises a focused set of scenarios, and tears down with Given.iTearDownMyApp(). No journey
    depends on the state left behind by another.

    Previously, a pattern common in SAP Fiori apps placed all journey registrations inside a single central file — typically opaTests.qunit.js — which would import and coordinate

>     every journey. In this project, opaTests.qunit.js is now only a test suite loader: it lists the journey modules to load and calls QUnit.start(). It has no knowledge of

Reviewer: If we explicitly mention `QUnit.start()` do we also need to mention `autostart: false` and that this needs to be done to ensure all journeys are loaded before Qunit starts to prevent Qunit starting in between w/o all journey being loaded?

&nbsp;

### Journey test files generated by SAP Fiori tools

1. How journey test files are generated

    Journey test files are dynamically generated by SAP Fiori tools in two ways:

    - **During app generation**: When you create a new SAP Fiori elements application using the SAP Fiori tools app generator, the journey files are created as part of the initial project scaffold.

    - **Using the Application Info command**: After the app already exists, you can trigger generation at any time via the **Application Info** page in SAP Fiori tools. From there, use the option to add or regenerate OPA tests for the current project.

2. How the generated tests are determined

>     SAP Fiori tools analyses your project to decide which tests to generate. It uses the `@sap/ux-specification` library to inspect your project configuration and OData service annotations. This gives the tooling an understanding of your application — for example, which pages exist, which entity sets they are based on, and which UI features (filter bars, tables, actions, navigation) are present or configured through annotations.

Reviewer: Maybe add something like "Therefore it is necessary that the local `metadata.xml` of you application is up-to-date"?

    Based on this analysis, the generated journey files include tests that exercise the features actually present in your application at the time of generation. This means tests reflect the real state of the app rather than a generic template.

3. How many journey will be created

    A separate journey file is generated for each page in the application. For example, a typical list-report/object-page application produces (at minimum):

    - A journey file for the list-report page
    - A journey file for the object-page

    Each journey file focuses on the interactions and assertions relevant to that specific page, keeping the tests organized and easy to maintain.

4. Regenerating journey files

>     Because the generated tests reflect the features and annotations present at a specific point in time, you may want to regenerate them as your application evolves. If you add new OData annotations, enable additional UI features, or change the page structure, you can re-run the generation step via the **Application Info** command in SAP Fiori tools. The tooling will produce updated journey files that reflect the current state of the project.

Reviewer: same here / only here: Maybe add something like "Therefore it is necessary that the local `metadata.xml` of you application is up-to-date"?

    >Regenerating the journey files will overwrite the previously generated content. Any custom tests you have added directly to the generated files should be moved to separate journey files before regenerating, to avoid losing your changes.

> &nbsp;

Reviewer: Is this needed?
